Added a small note (#5473)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/webRequest/index.md

}
```

As of Chrome 108, you can asynchronously supply credentials for [`onAuthRequired`
events](#event-onAuthRequired) if you use the `"webRequest"` and `"webRequestAuthProvider"`
permissions.

{% Aside %}

> As of Manifest V3, the `webRequestBlocking` permission is no longer available for most extensions. Consider `declarativeNetRequest`, which enables use of the [declarativeNetRequest API](/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/). Aside from `webRequestBlocking`, the webRequest API will be unchanged and available for normal use. Policy installed extensions can continue to use `webRequestBlocking`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Manifest V3, the `"webRequestBlocking"` permission is no longer available for most extensions. Consider `"declarativeNetRequest"`, which enables use of the [declarativeNetRequest API](/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/). Aside from `"webRequestBlocking"`, the webRequest API will be unchanged and available for normal use. Policy installed extensions can continue to use `"webRequestBlocking"`.
```

Reviewer: For anything in the manifest, quotes are part of the meaning of the identifier. That's why I always include them.

events](#event-onAuthRequired) if you use the `"webRequest"` and `"webRequestAuthProvider"`
permissions.

> **note** As of Manifest V3, the `webRequestBlocking` manifest key is replaced by `declarativeNetRequest`, which enables use of the [declarativeNetRequest API](/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/).

Reviewer 2: A couple of thoughts:

- Policy installed extensions can still use `webRequestBlocking` (see the paragraph two above). Should we merge those two paragraphs to make it clear there are multiple options?
- Should we use an [aside](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/handbook/components/#asides) to format this?

Reviewer: The answer to the last question is always 'yes'. Part of our job requirements is to implement corporate styles consistently across our site or sites.

> **note** As of Manifest V3, the `webRequestBlocking` manifest key is replaced by `declarativeNetRequest`, which enables use of the [declarativeNetRequest API](/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/). Aside from `webRequestBlocking` , the webRequest API will be unchanged and available for normal use. Policy installed extensions will maintain their current use of `webRequestBlocking`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
As of Manifest V3, the `webRequestBlocking` permission is no longer available for most extensions. Consider `declarativeNetRequest`, which enables use of the [declarativeNetRequest API](/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/). Aside from `webRequestBlocking`, the webRequest API will be unchanged and available for normal use. Policy installed extensions can continue to use `webRequestBlocking`.
{% endAside %}
```
